Some countries have regulations on the use of cryptographic libraries
like the ones embedded in TCLink. It may be unlawful to download TCLink
in these countries.


                                 TCLink v4.2.0
                            Python Implementation
                       copyright (C) TrustCommerce 2015
                         http://www.trustcommerce.com
                         techsupport@trustcommerce.com

                                October 1, 2015

I. DESCRIPTION

  TCLink is a thin client library to allow your e-commerce servers to
connect to the TrustCommerce payment gateway easily and consistently.
The protocol (which is the same across all platforms and languages) is
well-documented in the Web Developer's Guide, so please consult it for
any questions you may have about the protocol syntax itself.

  If you are using Python on Win32, do not use this client.  Please
download the COM object from the Vault website instead and use the
win32com interface to access our COM object.  A tutorial on this can
be found here: 

http://aspn.activestate.com/ASPN/docs/ActivePython/2.4/pywin32/html/com/win32com/HTML/QuickStartClientCom.html

  TCLink was originally ported to Python by Brian Shirk.  You can
contact him at brian-tclink@stech.cx.


II. LICENSE

  TCLink for Python is released under the GNU LGPL.  Please read LICENSE
for details.


III. REQUIREMENTS

  You need to have the OpenSSL development libraries installed, with
the include files accessible in the include path and the library
files accessible in the library path.  If you are using an RPM-based
Linux, the OpenSSL RPMs from ftp.openssl.com are recommended.

  You also need a working install of Python, and the related
development package(s). 


IV. INSTALLATION

  Installation is based on the python distutils system. To install,
  as root type:
    
    python setup.py install

  For non-root install, type:

    python setup.py build_ext -i

  This will build the extension in the current directory, allowing
  tctest.py and other scripts to access it.

VI. USAGE

  The tctest.py shows a simple example of calling TCLink from
Python.  For further information, please consult the TC Developer's
Guide found in the doc subdirectory.


